---
id: ANv7K
name: How Do Links Work?
file_version: 1.1.0
app_version: 1.0.6
file_blobs:
  docs/index.mdx: c43ed9303b3e0a01afd26c64cbe267a3bb23766e
---

There are three kinds of links to keep track of when you're working with our Docusaurus setup:

1.  Auto-generated header and footer links from `📄 docusaurus.config.js` as well as the left sidebar, which is generated by a combination of \[\[sym:./docs/authorization/_category_.json(7b795d40-c1f1-4656-9ae6-b8290fdc7f98)\]\] files in each directory along with slugs contained in the metadata at the top of each entry.
    
2.  Links created by the `@docusaurus/Link` component, which is predominately what's used in any content contained in a file ending with a `.mdx` extension, because this gives us centralized control over link behavior through modifying a single component.
    
3.  Traditional Markdown link syntax, like `[link text](/url/to/target]`, which should be reserved only for files that end in `.md` that contain some kind of markup that the MDX provider can't negotiate, or that we somehow grab on-the-fly.
    

In almost all cases, you should use the `Link` component as shown below:

<br/>

Make sure you import the `Link`<swm-token data-swm-token=":docs/index.mdx:8:2:2:`import Link from &quot;@docusaurus/Link&quot;;`"/> component directly below the page metadata. You can import other things too, of course.
<!-- NOTE-swimm-snippet: the lines below link your snippet to Swimm -->
### 📄 docs/index.mdx
```mdx
🟩 8      import Link from "@docusaurus/Link";
```

<br/>

You can then use `Link`<swm-token data-swm-token=":docs/index.mdx:8:2:2:`import Link from &quot;@docusaurus/Link&quot;;`"/> to form your links. For internal links (within the doc site) use `to="/path/to/route"`, for external links, instead specify it as `href="https://example.com`. We will eventually be implementing shortcut components that wrap this with additional styles, so it's easy to create an internal / external / big button style link without having to go look up what class it needs.
<!-- NOTE-swimm-snippet: the lines below link your snippet to Swimm -->
### 📄 docs/index.mdx
```mdx
🟩 42     Why Swimm? The connection between good documentation and higher developer productivity is now well established (<Link to="https://octoverse.github.com/">GitHub's Octoverse study</Link>). At Swimm, we have seen firsthand that **developer documentation is really a game changer for companies**.
```

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://app.swimm.io/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBZG9jcy5zd2ltbS5pbyUzQSUzQXN3aW1taW8=/docs/ANv7K).
