---
id: W9vNb
name: Managing The Documentation Section
file_version: 1.1.0
app_version: 0.10.1-2
file_blobs:
  docs/authorization/_category_.json: d445ce7088359f0e0f79dd1a9336bf7bee732e53
  docs/authorization/index.mdx: 74be2214ca07be3338805d46aa1d1463af32f896
---

All of the documentation that lives in the side bar can be found in `游늯 docs` . The main landing page for that section is `游늯 docs/index.mdx` , which is what you see if you navigate to `/docs` directly on the site. There's also a nav link to go right to the documentation without first viewing the quick start.

Documents have a special table at the top that determines their slug, title, and sort order for display. Let's take a quick look at what's going on in `游늯 docs/authorization` , starting with \[\[sym:./docs/authorization/_category_.json(1dc1f99f-d5fb-47f4-9cea-efd7b6bdf811)\]\]

<br/>

The JSON file determines where the _category_ should be displayed (in which order) as well as set the name for the category.
<!-- NOTE-swimm-snippet: the lines below link your snippet to Swimm -->
### 游늯 docs/authorization/_category_.json
```json
游릴 2          "label": "Signup & authorization",
游릴 3          "position": 5
```

<br/>

The markup at the top of the file determines the slug, and the sort order within the category itself. Docusaurus will override anything in the `id`<swm-token data-swm-token=":docs/authorization/index.mdx:2:0:0:`id: Signup &amp; authorization`"/> value here with the contents of the first H1 tag in the document, if it exists.
<!-- NOTE-swimm-snippet: the lines below link your snippet to Swimm -->
### 游늯 docs/authorization/index.mdx
```mdx
游릴 2      id: Signup & authorization
游릴 3      slug: permissions
游릴 4      sidebar_position: 0
```

<br/>

The explanation for how React components work in [Managing Blog Posts & The Changelog](managing-blog-posts-the-changelog.axB2v.sw.md) applies here too - you can use whatever components make sense for a statically-generated site.

For top-level documents above any of the sections, the sort orders will be used, with the categories always coming last.

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://app.swimm.io/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBZG9jcy5zd2ltbS5pbyUzQSUzQXN3aW1taW8=/docs/W9vNb).